%%%
Title = "Streaming Music Service"
abbrev = "Streaming Music Service"
ipr= "trust200902"
area = "Internet"
workgroup = "Network Working Group"
submissiontype = "IETF"
keyword = [""]
#date = 2020-04-25T00:00:00Z

[seriesInfo]
name = "RFC"
value = "9999"
stream = "IETF"
status = "informational"

[[author]]
initials="ZX, HX"
surname="Xu, Xiao"
fullname="Zhenyan Xu, Hanlin Xiao"
 [author.address]
 email = "zhenyanx@seas.upenn.edu"
 phone = "+00 000 00 00 00 00"
  [author.address.postal]
  city = "Philadelphia"
  country = "USA"
%%%

.# Abstract

This document specifies the design and general architect of the Music 
Streaming Service Protocol (MSSP), including the implementation of client and server. 

{mainmatter}

#  Introduction
In general, the implementation consists of two major components, the client and the server. While the client is responsible for establish the initial connection, the server host will start and keep listening on TCP port (number specified by user) before any client calls. 

In order to make MSSP to work, the client is expected to establish connection with server and communicate based on rules specified below. All commands used by client and server are case-sensitive ASCII characters. Each command includes keyword and optional parameters separated by a white space. Parameters are allowed to have flexible lengths but all keywords are strictly 6-ASCII character long.

There are two major patterns of the client-server communication. When client sends non-music-playing requests, it is expected to receive a single response from server. For music-playing related request, the client is expected to receive a series of audio frames sent by server. Besides functional-based command, commands related to connection establishment and exit are handled as well. All messages other than those specified in this document are considered as invalid commands and are expected to get an “Invalid” response from server.


#  Overview & Message Format
Messages from client to server follow the “KEYWRD PARAMETER” format and are expected to end in CRLF. Messages from server to client have the following format:
    ~~~~~
    [ContentLength] [ContentType] [Content]
    ~~~~~
ContentLength and ContentType are served as the header of the message. These three components are separated by a white space. ContentType indicates the type of this message and has two categories:  1 means the current message is transporting binary audio (MP3) frames. 0 means the current message is transporting normal texts. 


#  Commands
##  CONNEC

No parameter is included in this command. Server is expected to return a simple text message with two possible conditions. (ContentType = 1)
A message demonstrating that connection successfully established 
A message demonstrating that connection was not established due to unrecognized errors 

##  LISTMU

No parameter is included in this command. Server is expected to return a simple text message with two possible conditions. (ContentType = 1)
A list of music available in JSON format showing the name of the music 
A message demonstrating that the specific command failed due to unrecognized errors

##  PLAYMU

A mandatory parameter is included in this command. Server is expected to return either a series of audio frames or a simple text message with two possible conditions. 
A binary format audio data with ContentType = 1.
A message demonstrating that the specific command failed due to unrecognized errors or invalid syntax with ContentType = 0.


##  STOPMU
No parameter is included in this command. Server is expected to return a simple text message with two possible conditions. (ContentType = 1)
A message demonstrating that the operation is successful 
A message demonstrating that the specific command failed due to unrecognized errors

##  EXITCN

No parameter is included in this command. Server is expected to return a simple text message with two possible conditions. (ContentType = 1)
A message demonstrating that the operation is successful 
A message demonstrating that the specific command failed due to unrecognized errors

